I can't even do it you talking him
talking to me you talk to me I don't see
anybody else I might be talking to me
okay you're good at it it's been four
decades since that became one of the
most quoted movie lines ever and taxi
driver became an instant classic
you know the cast says they knew it was
going to be good many of them actually
took pay cuts to make the movie
including Robert De Niro who just hit it
really big with The Godfather Part two I
had the chance to talk to them as they
reunited at the Tribeca Film Festival in
honor of taxi drivers 40th anniversary
back in the day this movie yes it was
very hard why is that hard to make that
movie is it all darkness yes and grit
yes even on one point I was thinking of
doing a non-video to just get it made Oh
everything felt very strongly about it
give me a two second pitch synopsis
what's the movie loneliness isolation
isolation the sense of complete
isolation from the world and not being
able to communicate with anyone really
not knowing how to it can lead to
crossing up that line even though if
you're born right in the city that
doesn't mean you don't feel isolated or
alienated or alone whatever you want to
call it and and I think we all connected
to that taxi drivers been staring at us
when you first read it what did you
think I threw it across the room and
tried to think of garbage can because I
had no lines but then didn't we not go
to the st. Regis Hotel is that how we
found the lines yeah that's right
I just knew these two guys were involved
I knew that I'd seen mean streets and I
went this has to happen for me well
what's your real name
I don't like my real name I just gonna
say it you were 12
yes you were 12 I mean I think I've made
more movies than these guys though but
twelve dealing with a role that was in
the in the dark world of prostitution
I'm trying to imagine the pitch to your
mom well I was an actress you know and I
was that I I think we saw out in a very
matter-of-fact way I think it was more
disturbing for people to watch than it
was for me as an actor to play
there's a character in this movie a very
important character that's not in the
room with us now but that's all around
us and that's the city of New York talk
to me about how you developed that
character this city to be such an
impactful part of this movie the first
thing that comes to mind is that I I'm a
New Yorker
so I see everything that way the whole
idea of being in a car and Bob had you
can tell you he actually drove a cab a
couple of nights it was an interesting
experience I must have done it a week or
ten days of give-and-take yeah he told
me that one of the first feeling he had
after a couple of nights was that and he
did at night was that a person will get
in a car stranger and then control your
life in effect the next 20 minutes or 45
minutes you go where I wanted yeah
exactly
and it was even though one I'd even
think a young actor got in the car one
night and he saw that it was you driving
the car he said you just want an Oscar
he said my god is it that hard I want to
talk about a couple of specific scenes I
want to talk about the scene where you
two dance
while it's incredibly unsettling and
disturbing it also is kind of touching
it went out and I met this um this
supposedly ex pimp and I rehearse with
him for about two weeks and they showed
me how what to do pimp had taught me
that I'm just difficult for me to learn
that at the time actually
he said you love her and whatever you
say to her you will keep your word no
matter what that's a long time to
understand that let's talk about the
other scene that's gotten a little bit
of attention you're talking to me
talking to me that way on the script
there was no dialogue I believe in the
scene and I remember asking you to I
said could be could you say something to
yourself in the mirror it was the last
week of shooting we were over schedule
five days they were it was very
difficult and we said okay we just going
to shoot this scene and lock the door so
our assistant director wouldn't get in
and whatever and he started improvising
it and they kept saying are you talking
to me and I was sort of at his feet and
in front of the mirror right in front of
him and we just kept repeating he just
kept repeating it and shot a ton of
footage on it and the ad was banging on
the door come on we got to get out of
here I said oh this is good this is good
just wait give me another minute
everybody just kept he went on a roll
well I'm the only one here it was like a
jazz riff it was just like a solo what'd
you say what do you think do you know it
would follow you around for 40 years
after the movie came out
no you never know any of that stuff I
mean we just did it
Jody the movie launched a difficult
episode for you it was because of this
role that John Hinckley became obsessed
with you I think okay he went on to try
to assassinate Ronald Reagan and that
thrust you into a spotlight at a very
young age for all the wrong reasons
right how did it impact you well you
know it's a it's a it's a part of
history that there's really no reason to
comment on it it's if the movies been
it's been 40 years for the movie so it's
probably been 35 years 35 years and a
lot of work since then so it's just a
chapter in history and we've all done
bigger and greater things with our lives
since none of you so last question I'll
give to you 40 years later is it
gratifying to know that you can put this
movie on next door and and fill a
theater with it and people still come
out and care about it that much well
it's beyond that I honestly thought it
was a film made because we simply we
couldn't go on living without making it
and 40 years later it's extraordinary
it's a great group of people and I have
to say Robert De Niro was playing a game
with me all night he would not say today
fans thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking that
button down there and click on any of
the videos over here to watch the latest
interviews show highlights and digital
exclusives